adding link to explanation of cpu limits or requests in the onboarding doc (#1527)
operate-first/apps: docs/content/cluster-scope/quotas.md

| Medium  |     2     |   8Gi  |   40Gi  |
| Large   |     4     |  16Gi  |   80Gi  |

> To understand the difference between cpu limits/requests, please refer [this][k8s-doc]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To understand the difference between cpu limits/requests, please refer to the [kubernetes concepts][k8s-doc]. 
```

Author: incorporated changes as suggested by @HumairAK

> To understand the difference between cpu limits/requests, please refer [this][k8s-doc]. 

Reviewer 2: Change `please refer [this][k8s-doc]` to `please refer to [this][k8s-doc]`

Author: done

> To understand the difference between cpu limits/requests, please refer [this][k8s-doc]. 

Reviewer 2: Change `cpu` to `cpu and memory`

Author: done
